The theatre in Ephesus was located at the intersection of two of the city's principal
thoroughfares and was a prominent part of life in that city.
The theatre, shown in this video, one, could hold 25,000 people, making it the largest
theatre in Asia Minor in Paul's day.
Roman theatres were used not only for theatrical performances, but also for hosting debates.
It was into this theatre that a mob dragged Paul's travelling companions when the
servicemith Demetrius and his fellow craftsmen stood up a riot against Paul.
Seen here is two, the Agara, or Marketplace.
And shown here are three, the Arcadian Way, which led to the Harbour, and four, the location
of the first century gymnasium.